hey guys chassis boy here with another
unboxing this time of uncharted 2 like I
said I'll do an unboxing of it and I
will start I walk through very soon so
you can look for that and let's get into
this um I've kind of already like rip
this bit off because well when it come
through the post I was like really
excited so I kind of just tore it all at
once but anyways any of we have anything
else yeah as a that's the invoice okay
so as never looking at that I'll just
move this over here a bit more and so
yeah I'm try it too among thieves
limited edition connectors box yes wow
that was really easy usually they're
harder than that
so yeah whoops maybe have untied too and
it comes in a little like slip case
which has all the words and everything
on it yeah
you're not not not really can hear that
but okay so that's the cover and this is
the connector this and box so yeah it
looks very nice actually it looks really
really nice that's a still steelbook
yeah that's awesome open it up see what
we get okay so we get a couple of little
postcard thingies and you get this one
it's pretty awesome
as the disc manual this has my promotion
code on it so yeah I'm not going to show
you that it doesn't really matter if you
see any way because you can't redeem it
after I have so let me have this blu-ray
just little bit earlier and yeah the
disc you know what this looks like and
to showing you the artwork on the back
looks pretty awesome so yeah that's that
that's the redemption code again just
shove all this stuff back in here I can
get it back in and then we've got the
two little postcard thingies and Manuel
this special edition comes with it
allows you to unlock some golden guns
online you get a free exclusive
PlayStation free theme you get to
character to exclusive character skins
for online mode and then postcard thing
is you saw so yeah it's not much for a
limited edition but I got it for the
same price as the normal game so I would
have had to pay for we quit anyway so I
just got especially listen for the same
price so yeah you know doesn't really
make a difference but yeah and those
guys are thank you for watching
I will have some walkthrough videos of
it up today
or tomorrow I know I said I would have
it up today but I'm gonna try and get
some of the game done first and then
make sure I know what I'm doing so then
I can walk through it and know exactly
what I'm doing so you can either expect
them up later today like a at night time
here in London you know that's so you
know I ever expect some up later on or
tomorrow morning but I will post some up
as soon as I can so yeah anyways guys
thanks for watching
as the untried two among these special
edition unboxing and yeah thanks for
watching make sure to comment rate and
please subscribe see ya